Merging changes from GraalPy master and updating docs (#34)
graalvm/graalpy.github.io: index.md

    <div class="container">
      <h3 class="pybenefits__maintitle">Benefits</h3>
      <div class="pybenefits__row">
        <div class="pybenefits__card">
          <div class="pybenefits__icon">
            <img src='{{ "/resources/img/home/interoperability-icon.svg" | relative_url }}' alt="interoperability icon">
          </div>
          <div class="pybenefits__title">
            <h4>Interoperability</h4>
          </div>
          <div class="pybenefits__text">

>             <h5>Access the Python ecosystems and tools from JVM languages

Reviewer: Should "ecosystems" be plural?

Author: ah, right, probably not

            <h4>High Performance</h4>
          </div>
          <div class="pybenefits__text">
            <h5>Run just-in-time compiled Python code and native extensions at full speed
            </h5>
          </div>
        </div>
        <div class="pybenefits__card">
          <div class="pybenefits__icon">
            <img src='{{ "/resources/img/home/shield-icon.svg" | relative_url }}' alt="improved security advantage icon">
          </div>
          <div class="pybenefits__title">
            <h4>Managed Embedding</h4>
          </div>
          <div class="pybenefits__text">
            <h5>Fine-tune permissions when embedding Python code in your Java application
            </h5>
          </div>
        </div>
        <div class="pybenefits__card">
          <div class="pybenefits__icon">
            <img src='{{ "/resources/img/home/microservice-icon.svg" | relative_url }}' alt="microservice icon">
          </div>
          <div class="pybenefits__title">
            <h4>Simple Distribution</h4>
          </div>
          <div class="pybenefits__text">

>             <h5>GraalVM Native Image to bundle entire Python applications as single binaries

Reviewer: ```suggestion
            <h5>Use GraalVM Native Image to bundle your entire Python application as a single binary
```
